https://www.headus.com/phpbb/viewtopic.php?t=714&postdays=0&postorder=asc&start=0

Thanks for your feedback, and GUI prototype! 

The reason why UVLayout has a 90's style GUI is because its all based on Motif code I wrote in the 90's.
 You'll also be pleased to hear that UVLayout is written in 90's style plain C, and all my graphics code is IRIS GL
 (it sits on top of a library that coverts the calls into Open GL). Oh, and I use 'vi' and 'make' still :-) 

So yes, the outcome of all of that is that the final result looks dated. But by using old code I'm familiar with, I can spend more time on the interesting stuff
 ... the UV editing code. Eventually though, when the mechanics of the UV editing is sorted out, I'll definitely be looking at the whole GUI thing. 

The Motif based code I'm using (which sits on top of Tcl/Tk under Windows) does support bit mapped buttons, so that would probably be the first step.
 What I'm anticipating is that the existing font based buttons would be captured into bitmaps, and then someone like yourself could go through and repaint
 the bitmaps however you wanted. I'd also export some parameters for each button (e.g. label, font size and overall dimensions) so that the repainting could be
 scripted. GIMP supports that sort of thing via Python or its inbuilt scripting language, so I'm guessing PS does too? 
I'd probably have to do the button repositioning here (i.e. provide the users with some alternate layouts to choose from), 
and then you repaint the buttons according that that. 


"Surely that won't take more than a week?" 

Actually a week of development time turns into about a month of real time once you add in things like emails, forums, phones, quotes, orders, tax returns.
 Its amazing anything ever gets done :-) 

I do accept that some people might be put off by the GUI, but the hope is that one day they'll come back (like you did),
 and if that's when UVLayout looks modern and sophisticated, then that's OK. 

Phil